You've just completed
the Google cybersecurity
certificate.
What a remarkable accomplishment
that shows just how
committed you are to
learning new skills
that will allow
you to pursue your career goals.
On behalf of myself and my
fellow course instructors,
congratulations. You did it.
Congrats. I can't wait to
see how many of you
decide to pursue
this career and visit
some really cool places
in cybersecurity.
Way to go. Congratulations.
Congratulations.
You're a rockstar.
Great job. You did it.
Congratulations.
Congratulations,
I am rooting for
you and wishing you
continued success.
Congratulations on your
big accomplishment.
Now it's time to get to work.
This is probably one of
the best decisions
you've ever made I
can't wait to hear about
all the opportunities that
you're going to experience.
Congratulations.
Congratulations. You've
made it to the end
and you're now ready to
keep everyone safe online.
Congratulations. Continue
to learn, continue to grow.
You'll find this is a
very rewarding career.
Congratulations, you did it.
Welcome to cybersecurity.
The adventure
continues after this.
There's still a lot more to
explore in the world security,
but you're off to a great start.
It's been my
pleasure guiding you
through the final
part of this program.
I know you're
well-prepared to begin or
continue a remarkable
career in security.
Congratulations and best
of luck on your journey.